Known bugs:
In FtD:
  General:
    Firing a short range laser combiner with an ACB makes it hit and destroy itself. (Fixed, in beta branch)
    AMCCs and LWCs have trouble controlling nested turrets (if the innermost turret cannot currently aim to hit the target, the outer turrets will not attempt to rotate so that it can). (Intentional)

  Lua:
    Lua-controlled laser combiners (regular and short range) cannot hit missiles (have not tested with projectile weapons).
    Lua API for APS laser targeter and warp drive is outdated (no effect on warp drives, will set fuse time for laser target but shell doesn't actually explode).
    Some functions (i.e. get resource zones or subconstructs) return userdata instead of a table.

  Not bugs but things to be cautious of:
    Lua arrays start from 1, but FtD counts from 0 (FtD Lua is an API to C# code which counts from 0)
    "unique ID of docked vehicle" for tractor beams is unrelated to the vehicle's actual ID.
    Vector3.SignedAngle does not project the vectors to the plane first; i.e. the magnitude is exactly the same as Vector3.Angle, with only the sign determined by the normal.
    Turrets placed on subobjects still use I:AimWeaponInDirection() instead of I:AimWeaponInDirectionOnSubConstruct(). Additionally, such nested turrets will not be aimed when the parent turret is aimed. Only actual weapons will be aimed when the parent turret is aimed.

  Things I wish were added:
    Inter-vehicle communication (other than my jank tractor-beam cube method)
    More detailed missile info from munition warners (i.e. diameter)
    Thrust vectoring control
    Reading files

In Tides:
  idk probably too many to count I'm not good at this

  MathUtil polynomial solvers have arguments named c0, c1, c2... but the order should be coefficients of higher powers first

Future Plans:
  IK for mech movement
  Event scheduling for animations
  Pathfinding for navigation:
    Marching squares to find terrain contours
    Generate visibility graph and use A*
    Smooth paths using techniques from "towards more realistic pathfinding" blog post
  Communication Cubes:
    Cubes held by tractor beams, transmit data via cube positions.
    Can be analog or digital
    For digital, transmit a 1 indicating start of message followed by length of message
    Configurable length bits and levels
    Max clock speed of 40Hz
  Target Identification:
    Create list of stats for all campaign vehicles
    Use singular value decomposition to find principal components
    Set up target prioritization cards corresponding to as many PCs as needed
    Cycle through them on a given mainframe
  Barrage Fire:
    track mean and SD of error
    if SD exceeds certain threshold begin barrage fire with evenly spread normal distribution
  APN Missile Evasion
    Like APN guidance algorithm, but you do the opposite of what the guidance tells you
  Missile coordination
    Spread out to avoid chain reactions/AoE
    Attack from multiple directions
    Target weakpoints (reliant on target identification)